Good morning, family. I'm going to talk to you all about what's on my heart and what I've been praying about.
You know the things I've seen whenever I pray. People are asking me what I feel about what's going on with Israel and Iran right now.
This is exactly what I tried to tell you all in March—it was probably the end of February—whenever the Lord told me that the month of April, during the eclipse, would be significant.
I said nothing would happen during the eclipse, but after the eclipse, because of Passover, there would be an acceleration of war, weather events, financial issues, and signs in the heavens.
The Lord told me back during Rosh Hashanah—and I'll repeat myself again—that from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah, things would accelerate and almost double in the spirit realm.
Then He came back to me and told me it would happen again during Passover and that things would accelerate even more.
This was concerning red heifer things that were going to escalate because of this.
Here we are; it's happening right before our faces. All this stuff is happening on the news, and it's a big deal.
I was interceding for it, and I told you all about the chemicals and the 50-gallon drums. It's very serious, what I saw coming out of Iran.
Back when I started interceding for this, nothing was in the news about Iran wanting to do anything. Now they're saying they're at war.
Iran is saying they're not going to do anything more, but they're liars; they're planning something.
This is where I was in intercessory prayer concerning this.
I saw 50-gallon drums of biological weapons coming into Syria, traveling on the border of Iraq.
I watched the truck in the spirit realm. As I said, this thing is just like a powderkeg.
It's going to get even more intense. I don't know exactly when, but we haven't seen anything yet.
The Lord will protect His people. I believe with all my heart that we must intercede.
There is a lot I've seen in the last 48 hours. I went to a prayer meeting that Pastor Steve was having early in the morning. He invited me, and I started praying as a leader.
Suddenly—and this usually doesn't happen in groups, I'm usually in the privacy of my home—the Lord started taking me into visions of things that were coming.
The Lord warned me in that prayer meeting of attacks on American mega-churches.
I saw an attack on a church in Florida and another on a church in North Carolina or South Carolina; I don't know exactly which state this man's church is in.
I'm not going to name any names because this is a public platform, but it's a mega-church.
Then the Lord said it's not only non-denominational; I saw Baptist, Catholic, and Methodist churches being attacked.
It was a terrorist event related to ISIS that was going to try to take place on Sundays at American churches.
I don't know exactly when, but it would be strategic, involving cells that crossed the border.
I saw attacks with explosives. Then I was shown professional Major League Baseball stadiums.
They were trying to fly in drones—not huge military drones, but ones you could buy on Amazon—equipped with C4 to take out large crowds.
They were using remote controls to fly into the stadiums and detonate them.
I saw that in the vision—planned, strategic attacks in America.
Then the Lord showed me an attack on Sydney Harbor at the big Opera House and warned me about something that was going to try to take place there.
I interceded for that at Pastor Steve's meeting. I saw some kind of escalation.
What I was getting in the spirit was that there was a previous major event where people were hurt or passed away, but it didn't get enough national attention or create enough fear.
Terrorist organizations in Australia were still plotting to take out a major landmark of significance to show they're the bullies and want everyone to fear them.
Then I was shown the Olympics, and the Lord warned me to pray for them.
If you live in Paris, I've told you before I saw fires and buildings on fire.
I saw an attack against Paris and the Eiffel Tower with smoke coming up.
I felt it was related to terrorist issues. I saw the President, Emmanuel Macron. I saw an attack on the aquatic centers during the Olympics.
Pray for protection over the ceremonies and that all hidden things be revealed so there is no loss of life.
I was bouncing all over the globe. The Lord was warning me about strategic things that terrorists were plotting.
I saw a passenger train coming from Germany going into other parts of Europe.
This train looked green, and it had explosives on it. These are the key things I saw in prayer.
As an American, the visions of the churches and stadiums are serious.
People should be watchful, not in fear, but aware of their surroundings even in church.
Pray and obey. Plead the blood over your congregation. We have authority over those demonic spirits inside those terrorists.
Bind the maneuvering of that devil and declare that no weapon formed against you shall prosper.
We are in a very serious timeframe. Jesus Christ is coming, and the devil knows it.
He sees what's going on in the spirit realm and knows his time is coming to an end.
There will be a day when he is thrown into the Lake of Fire for all eternity.
The season of Grace is coming to an end. We're getting ready for the Rapture and the seven years of tribulation.
The devil is trying to bring forth the Antichrist agenda as quickly as he can.
He has no power until the church is removed—until the Great Restrainer, the Holy Spirit who dwells inside us, is gone.
We have the power to restrain the devil. This affects all Christians—Baptist, Methodist, Catholic, the whole Body of Christ.
We all still love Jesus even if we don't agree on doctrine. I also warned you about Israel attacking Iran.
I said many times that oil would go to $200 a barrel overnight because Israel retaliates.
I saw refineries being attacked by the Israeli government.
Now that Iran has acted, are we about to see Israel strike those oil plants?
Oil shot up like a rocket, and gas was over $8 a gallon nationwide on average.
I had this vision two years ago. Last year, the Lord warned me to pray over Coachella.
I've sat on things for five years before they appeared in the news.
I'm still praying over the situation in Italy. A major volcano is going to go off and wipe out a coastal city.
I saw over 300,000 people dead. If you feel earthquakes or see smoke, get out because you don't have much time.
I saw a huge tsunami wave. When Israel retaliates, there will be a lot of anti-Semitism because they caused the price of gas to go up.
People will be rioting and protesting against the Jewish people.
Regarding the major storm on the East Coast, I saw it move from New York all the way down past North Carolina and inland to Tennessee.
It was a black haze over the land, linked to terrorist thinking.
Big things are happening, and Jesus is coming soon. I believe 2025 is a year you should be watching.
I personally believe New York is Mystery Babylon. Robert Breaker has a brilliant sermon on this.
Our economy is about to crash in 2025. An angel visited me and told me to watch the mulberry bush.
He told me the colors to watch and wrote on a copper pot. I saw the dinar going up in value.
The dollar is going to go to 50 cents and crash. America will go through a Great Depression on steroids.
There is a small window for the wealth of the sinner to be laid up for the just.
This transfer is for the Remnant that is listening. Seek the Lord for relationship, not for money.
If you have intimacy with Him, He will show you secret things. Let Him order your steps.
Timing can vary, but I am confident these things will come to pass. Let's pray for peace.
Father, I thank You for Your protection over everyone on this channel.
Protect Israel and give Netanyahu supernatural wisdom. We call for a hedge of protection around the soldiers and the land.
We plead the blood of Jesus over our churches. We pray for the FBI, CIA, and Homeland Security.
Remove corrupt people and raise up righteous leadership. Protect our border patrol and law enforcement.
The shaking is coming, but the Remnant is ready to share the love of God, heal the sick, and cast out devils.
We give You all the glory. In Jesus'name, Amen. Please like, subscribe, and click the notification bell. Jesus loves you, and we love you. God bless you.